refactor: deprecate AnonymousFactory class and factory() helper (#436)
zenstruck/foundry: docs/index.rst

    use function Zenstruck\Foundry\create;
    use function Zenstruck\Foundry\create_many;

>     $factory = anon(Post::class);

Reviewer: Above:

```diff
-use Zenstruck\Foundry\AnonymousFactory;
-use function Zenstruck\Foundry\factory;
+use function Zenstruck\Foundry\anon;
+use function Zenstruck\Foundry\repository;
```

Author: nice catch!

    $repository->count(); // the number of persisted Post's
    $repository->all(); // Post[]|Proxy[] all the persisted Post's

    $repository->findBy(['author' => 'kevin']); // Post[]|Proxy[] matching the filter

    $repository->find(5); // Post|Proxy with the id of 5
    $repository->find(['title' => 'My First Post']); // Post|Proxy matching the filter

    // get a random object that has been persisted
    $repository->random(); // returns Post|Proxy
    $repository->random(['author' => 'kevin']); // filter by the passed attributes

    // get a random set of objects that have been persisted
    $repository->randomSet(4); // array containing 4 "Post|Proxy" objects
    $repository->randomSet(4, ['author' => 'kevin']); // filter by the passed attributes

    // random range of persisted objects
    $repository->randomRange(0, 5); // array containing 0-5 "Post|Proxy" objects
    $repository->randomRange(0, 5, ['author' => 'kevin']); // filter by the passed attributes

    // convenience functions
    $entity = create(Post::class, ['field' => 'value']);
    $entities = create_many(Post::class, 5, ['field' => 'value']);

.. note::

>     If you need to do more with an anonymous factory, you need to create an explicit model factory class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your anonymous factory code is getting too complex, this could be a sign you need an explicit model factory class.
```
